but
hello everyone with you electronic Soligorsk
and i'm Vlad your weather guide in our
the city and today I'm not alone
despite the fact that after a few days
we met the beginning of the last month
spring weather in april nose me especially
pleased the end of April snow fell and it
nothing to us
spring has slowed its run no strength
fight with this anger and we will not
in a walkie-talkie all weather this week
will truly spring will not
intrigue you more listen to our
the story of the situation outside the window tuesday
April 28 afternoon 23 degrees with a plus sign
in 2001, this day the flight took place
into space the first space tourist
Wednesday, April 29 wine for degrees
it will be cool and world dance day
on thursday 30 april plus 16 god of us
distressed will look heavenly
the light and our bodies are attached
vitamin d by the way this day
public marks international
jazz day
word in the hands of Labor May Day
Friday on the thermometer plus 20 outside the window
small rain
on the calendar, labor day warming
will continue them immediately May 2 fest 19
Cloudy Touching Poetry I Remember
darling remember shine your hair not
happy nelja stone to leave
It was not for nothing that I became
beautiful words May 2, 1922
left the marriage of sergei esenin and
and sidor and duncan sunday may 3
will please us with good weather plus 18
it's sunny for good reason that day
International Sun Day is celebrated
monday hard day may 4 plus 18
cloudy on this day
1961 in the Soviet Union adopted a decree on
enhancing the fight with parasitism
this week will be shown
vitamin d is essential
and and stable plus I wish you
great mood and big smiles
our weather forecast like
subscribe to the channel see you soon
meeting